How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you
see the bug that was introduced?

I can use FC command with two file names to receive a list of differences.

.....
How could having easy access to the entire history of a file
make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It will allow me to have easy access to all versions of the file.


git log

git diff - compare different versions of a file within git.
- use two commit ID as "file names"
- see the changes made between the two commits
-

How Often to Commit:
make one commit per logical change

.....
What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

I can decide when to commit becase it has a logical meaning.


Git Commits Across Multiple Files

commit will save a version of every file in my repository
git log -stat
-stat option, gives some statistics about which files have changed in each commit.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
repository allow see connected changes in few files done with the same commit

Cloning And Exploring The Repo

git clone
This command allowing you to copy an entire repository from one computer to the other.
(create a clone of repository)

Cloning a Repository
To clone a repository, run git clone followed by a space and the repository URL.

Asteroids URL
Use the following url to clone the Asteroids repository: https://github.com/udacity/asteroids.git

Exiting git log
To stop viewing git log output, press q (which stands for quit).

Getting Colored Output
To get colored diff output, run git config --global color.ui auto

Copying and Pasting from the Command Line
To complete this quiz, you'll want to copy and paste some commit ids.

Windows
To copy and paste within Git Bash, follow the instructions on this page.

.....
How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

I use git log to find a commit which is related to a change I am looking for
I use git diff to check what changes I did between two commits.

git checkout
it's a sort of restoring a previous version
resetting all of your files to how they were at the time that commit was made.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I can always go back to any version and restore it to check where is a problem located.


.....
How Do You Want to Use Git?
Totrack changes in my projects
to make easer to test different options
